udp description (#12568)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/api_tests/udp_tests.md

## Overview

UDP tests allow you to monitor that low-level UDP connections can be established on the ports of given hosts, ensuring availability of any services living on UDP ports. With built-in response time data, you can keep track of the performance of your network applications and be alerted in case of unexpected slowness.

> The usual UDP traffic is achieved by transmitting information in one direction from source to destination without asking for acknowledgement.
> A recommended way to monitor your UDP services is to have a process on the receiving host that listens on the given UDP port and responds back. 
> Once setup, you can monitor your UDP services by creating a synthetic test on that process and asserting on the response you get back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In normal UDP traffic, you transmit information from a source to a destination without asking for acknowledgement. 

In order to monitor your UDP services, Datadog recommends having a process on the receiving host that listens on the UDP port and responds back. After setting up this process, you can create a Synthetics test and set an assertion on the expected response.
```
